I don't I mean hear that in the
background but the grass has been moved
tractors the only just started use up
the back there there is a man on a
tractor right as you can see the tractor
look at the size of the grass compared
to the man on the tractor right it's
huge this grass but it is i think in 10
to 12 feet long okay on the low bits and
then some of these giant Bitsy's and see
here are up 16 feet tall right it's a
ridiculously big it hasn't been mowed
for like 45 months because the landlord
is a complete tight ass but anyway it's
getting done it's taken him two and a
half hours to do that half of the
property okay which really isn't half
that's half of that and then that's not
even counting the back so I don't he's
going to finish this today he couldn't
he can't finish it today oh it's back
again today looks like that's it it's
always dummy that's pretty
there's like say every time he comes he
does left less we've been living in
three years he used to go around that
tree so you need to do unless each time
by taking another huh yeah well there we
go it's all mode that's it um yeah done
okay um well there you go that's I guess
the latest ladies update and everything
then there's the grass mowed I mean
there is still grass is all the way down
there which I know I reckon I could
probably see down there of my SWAT
lights but and then there's obviously
grass here but that's that's kind of a
rock wall so I don't know we'll see if
we see anything but often often walk the
other two times the grass has been cut I
haven't seen anything for a while
because of it so i guess i can probably
sleep better for the next few months
weeks months whatever but um okay